[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
ALIEN PRESIDENT
-[audience laughing]
-...and then he's like, "I'm the hero."
What are you talking about?
-[Bibilian] This is so funny.
-[buzzing]
Bibilian!
[Bibilian] You again?
Don't "you again" me!
I want an update on your Earth invasion!
I'm almost done!
It doesn't look
like you've made any progress!
I'm telling the truth this time!
While you've been daydreaming,
I received word that the Squid-Ink Aliens
are planning their own Earth invasion!
Wow, that sounds like trouble.
I'll turn you into a space caterpillar
if you don't conquer Earth this time!
Please, not that!
Then get to it!
[groans] Lemon, Drop, we're in trouble.
-We have to hurry up and conquer Earth.
-That's what we've been saying.
But this time, we really are in trouble!
Then hurry up and conquer Earth.
-How am I supposed to do that?
-Maybe you should become president.
"President"? What's that?
[Lemon] Turn around.
Okay.
[Lemon] The guy on screen
is the president.
...because I am the president!
I heard that this "president" guy
rules the Earth.
So, you just have to become president,
Big Brother!
Wow, that's a great idea!
But how exactly does one become president?
-You start by announcing your candidacy.
-"Candidacy"?
[Kana] There's nothing like takoyaki
with seaweed on top.
But it sticks to your teeth.
You can't enjoy takoyaki
if you worry about that.
-[spaceship siren wailing]
-Hello there!
Hey, Naoko. I'm so glad
I get to see you again.
That seaweed on your teeth
looks wonderful.
[growls]
Naoko, don't get mad.
Actually, I didn't come here
to see you today, Naoko.
-[Naoko] Huh?
-Excuse me, ma'am!
Who are you calling "ma'am"?
I'd like to order one "candidacy" please.
-What?
-One candidacy.
Huh? I've no idea what
you're talking about. I sell takoyaki.
So then where can I buy one?
-Buy what?
-[Bibilian] A candidacy.
You mean like, for an election?
Yes, that... I think.
You should probably talk
to the people over at town hall.
Oh, so I can get a candidacy
over at the town hall?
-Thank you!
-[spaceship siren fades]
What is with that alien?
You shouldn't get involved
with that weirdo.
[Gatashi Penguin] Welcome.
How may I help you?
My dad's going to become town mayor.
I would like to announce my candidacy
for the mayoral election.
Please fill out this form.
[space ship whirring]
Okay, your candidacy application
is complete.
Is anyone else running besides me?
No one else is running.
Nobody else could win if you run, Papa.
[both chuckling]
Hello there!
-[screaming]
-[crash]
How may I help you?
I'd like one candidacy.
A candidacy.
Yes, a candidacy.
Please fill out this form.
-Hey, alien!
-Yes?
-You're going up against my papa?
-Huh?
[Bibilian] I just wanted a candidacy,
but now I have to do an election
and get everyone to vote for me.
That's what candidacy means!
[Kaneda] Hello, everyone!
I'm Kaneda, and I'm asking you
to put our town's future in my hands!
Once I become mayor,
I'll turn this town into a moneymaking
machine, making lots and lots of money!
Kinpika is going to be the son
of the town's mayor?
This feels like a one-way street
to tacky town.
Hello, everyone. I'm Bibilian,
from the Earth Conquest Party.
If you vote for me,
my dream of conquering Earth...
will come true.
What was that?
"Conquer Earth"?
That's quite a bold statement.
That's so cool.
With goals, the bigger the better.
Kinpika's dad
only talks about making money.
[Saito] He's a money worshipper.
And small-minded.
[Ninja-Kun] That's true.
This is bad, Papa. People are starting
to like that alien for some reason.
Don't you worry. There's nothing easier...
than getting people to like you.
Takoyaki is the best!
It's the ultimate comfort food.
[Kinpika] Please vote for Kaneda.
[all] Huh?
Please vote for Kaneda.
Please vote for my papa.
Yeah, sure.
Wait, is this money?
CAFE SAWA
[Sawa-neh] Welcome!
Hello, I'm Kaneda,
and I'm running for mayor.
Everyone's meals are on me today,
so please enjoy yourselves!
That's a lot of money!
[Kaneda] Don't worry about it.
Just remember to vote for me.
[cheering]
I can't accept this.
Relax, it's just my papa's way
of saying hello.
-That's...
-Buying votes..
Bribery.
[crowd cheering]
The name's Kaneda! Please vote for Kaneda!
Huh?
Kaneda! There's money in my name!
-[Miyako] Money! Money!
-Hey, Ms. Miyako!
[Naoko] Dad!
Oh, Naoko.
-What are you doing?
-Well, there's money on the ground, so...
[growls]
This is pathetic!
You adults are the worst!
[roaring]
[crowd screaming] Congratulations!
Why, thank you.
Didn't see this coming.
-The only alternative was Mr. Kaneda...
-Yeah.
Thank you for electing me president.
President?
That annoying alien never makes any sense.
From this day forward,
I am President Bibilian.
I think Big Brother's got the wrong idea.
Guess he thought
it was a presidential election.
Now that the Earth is mine,
my conquest is complete.
-[ominous humming]
-[crowd murmuring]
What's that?
[dramatic crash]
[whoosh]
-What's happening?
-I'm scared!
A different kind of alien?
[Alien] We are from the planet Squid-Ink.
Which of you is Earth's representative?
"Earth's representative"?
Oh, that would be me.
Hey, over here!
[Alien] You're the representative?
I am the president of Earth.
[Alien] We wish to speak with you, now!
[crowd gasps]
-[space ship bleeps]
-[whoosh]
[crowd] Oh!
Where'd Big Brother go?
I don't think he'll be back anytime soon.
My papa won't be back
any time soon either.
[both] Huh?
Nobody told me I couldn't hand out money.
Now, could someone tell me
how much it costs to get out of here?
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪
Subtitle translation by Krysta Uyekawa